It is the absolute bodhichatas. Anyway, it is developing, of course, here. So, whores, so that all,
with their temporary computations,
may be self-liberated through the Western illnesses, and in the space of the primordial purity,
I generated a bodhichata in a great, immovable, resting space. So, that is really the absolute bodh
ichata.
When you're developing this picture, start with this bodhichata here. They say that they create the
computations.
Whore is the expression of the emitting or the joy, or, yeah, excitement, joy in every excitement.
Why you have the joy and excitement in this time? This time, because now you see that, like, the
beautiful result of our enlightenment is right with us.
And all the sentences, even though they have so many troubles and difficulties, but that is short
time, not just forever.
Because their nature is waiting, wake up to call. Everyone is ready, ready to do that. So, no one
is out of that call, and every day, everyone is trying.
If they walk for their nature, they all have the right to get enlightenment. So, for that reason,
some experience of the joy and apprehension for all the sentient beings they can get.
And the experience of the joy to ourself, one's own self. So, how is it wonderful that how I can
help them, how to do all these things I can help.
Help them and how blessed that I can help and support. At the same time, I'm going to discover my
and their nature, nature and help for all beings.
So, there are many reasons to feel happy and joy and excitement. And then, in all these things,
they're temporarily compulsions.
So, that means, also, everyone is the same nature. We all have the same nature. But due to our own
mistakes, then we are composed.
Those are the teachings said. At the beginning of the time, everyone is, before that, as we joined,
the prayer, the prayer of the Kundal Zampum, and what?
Ho, all the samsara-phenomena existences, all the existing phenomena are same foundation, but true
thoughts, and all are the same foundation, but true thoughts and true results, achieved.
All is the same. So, all nature is really pure from the beginning. There is no any, even the name
of the delusions, no name of the obscurations at all.
Everything is so perfect and pure. That's the one. But then, the ani, or this dharmakaya, that we
know, which also can detect ourselves a little bit,
even dharmakaya is completely pure and open, vastness status, pure from the beginnings. I mean,
those all explain the color of this dharmakaya, our own nature of the mind.
It has all that energy we explained, we went through, and the teachings said sampukaya energy is
already there, ready to act, act.
So, when it's ready to act at that time, when that's ready to act, and then, such as the Buddha Sam
hana Bhaddara, a Koda teaching, when that energy arises, that moment,
Buddha Samhana Bhaddara recognized it is self-display, self-display from the dharmakaya nature, or
one's own awareness ever used,
is a display of the one's own awareness. That moment, we recognize that moment, we relax it, that
moment, that display is merged back, and the teaching is liberated back to the dharmakaya status.
Then, Samhana Bhaddara becomes the enlightenment Buddha. We sentient beings, same nature, same
thing happened, all sentient beings, when that energy arises at the beginning of time,
that energy of the mind, that display, that from the sampukaya energy arises, immediately we,
sentient beings, react it. We react it and react it as subject and object.
That arising energy, we didn't detect that it's a self-display. We see this something different. We
react it.
And that, as the teaching said, is the beginning of the duality. That means, duality means the
beginning of ignorance, inborn ignorance.
That panic, or that kind of reaction created all, then duality becomes bigger and wider, wider, and
then continue to create it.
Then, then we dilute it. Then we start developing all different habit patterns. Our own dream, we
didn't recognize, is our own display of the mind.
I have used that example. And then we hold as subject, object, as real, and then created all habit
patterns.
Those are then, in the teaching said, all different three habit patterns we created. Habit pattern
of the poems, habit patterns of the usages.
And then habit patterns of the, maybe, I'm sorry, I shouldn't say habit patterns, habit patterns of
the areas, or area of, habit patterns of the areas.
Habit patterns of the, habit patterns of the area, or as I used to ask later that way. I'm sure
this is the problem I mentioned many times to you all, many of you know that habit patterns.
And there also is a very, very famous, famous teaching, habit patterns of the, if I use translate
this way, habit patterns of the, yeah, habit patterns of the place, place,
habit patterns of the object, habit patterns of the poems. So those are three. Now I'll explain so
you will understand more in that.
Habit patterns of the place is then the whole, this universe, world very well. All this is, and all
this universe and the world, such as mountain, water, earth, and you know all that is, is the habit
pattern of the places.
And then together with that habit pattern, together with that habit pattern, all the five object
with senses, senses, poem, sound, smell, taste, touch.
A touch, those are the five object of the places that what I translated today, and now you can take
all the books and how they translated that.
And the second one is, then, second habit pattern is, is the, I think I translated object, I
believe, but maybe I translated that way, object, subject, and, and the poem.
Object, poem is all the universes and as well as five object, and object, subject, subject, habit
pattern is at consciousness and as well as all our good activity and bad activity or negative and
positives.
So that is second one. Third object, habit pattern is poems, poems, and that is the poems of our
individual forms or whatever the beings we are, which ever beings we are in the six realms.
So their forms and then together with that habit pattern, if their own habit patterns of the limbs,
and the limbs, those are all in the limbs and the fingers and so forth.
So those are the three habit patterns in the teaching mechanism. So that is how really we develop
that.
When we develop those habit patterns or start developing from the beginner's times,
sense is a beginner's time to develop that and therefore then this our way of perceiving these
subject and object that become very distant.
Even though this object is our creations, but it becomes distant from us, so very separated to us
and our subject is kind of our mind and object is external, is separated.
So therefore, this present time, these are all objects. What we see is our mind, according to the
teaching, is not really your mind, even though it started from the creation of the mind, yet
because it's so long, so many countless lives, countless years,
it just becomes completely separated, separated from each other. So therefore, because that's what
we hold, that's what we grasping, according to the teaching, then it's not exactly in our mind,
even though it is really the comfort of mind.
But what is the mind is our appearance of this. When we see, when we hear, when we smell, when we
test, when we touch that appearance to each senses, that is mind.
Mind, that is the mind, including our mind. So those are habit patterns and each time those
emotions become stronger and stronger and more heavy and more heavy and they created all this.
Everything is created by the mind and the greatest teacher, Buddha Shakti, when he gave these
examples, examples, again, maybe I say, trying to remember that, that is in the teaching said, for
example,
say that this way, this way, our according Buddhism, where our art is residing, that our earth is
where, where is existing, or where is art is relying now.
Our art is relying on the water, where water is relying on the wind, where wind is relying in the
space, where space is relying.
Space is not relying on the wind, space is not relying on the water, space is not relying on the
earth, space is not relying on any of those elements.
Pretty. Similarly, our, we present our, our, all these five aggregates eating dhatus, where is it
relying, all that is, where is it relying, that is relying with all our karmic activities,
different activity of the karma.
And where our karmic activities are relying is in purple, in purple, and the karmic way is relying,
in purple attitude of the mind, or in purple mind.
So is all the karmic emotions are relying on the, in purple mind, in purple mind or unmannered mind
, unmannered mind. Unmannered mind, where is it relying?
Unmannered mind is relying on the pure nature of the mind. The pure nature of the mind, where is it
relying? Is it not relying any places?
That's the how. Emotions and all that develop, this old habit of happiness is developed, getting
stronger. So this is what really the nature is. Therefore, it is temporarily arising delusions.
Of course, for the sentient beings, when we never reverse ourselves, sometimes it lasts a long time
, but reality really is temporary. For those reasons, in the greatest teaching and all those great
masters use examples.
This is it all, these emotions, all these obscurations lay as clothing in the sky. Clothing is
temporary. It's not forever. Sky, clothes are never glued with the sky.
Clothes are not glued with the sun and the stars and the moons. It's all temporary, that develop.
That's something that we can clearly, can change. And for that reason, with that understanding,
then how it is, how it is.
and then the second one, you see the...